Week 1: Analysed the different projects for this course, and discussed it with our mentor, Ali, to get a better understanding. 

Week 2: Finalised our group and the project we would be doing this semester. 
Researched on how to perform the prediction of the stock prices.  

Week 3: Discussed the various components and the overall structure of our system.
Started working on the prediction part of our system. Artificial neural networks seem to do a good job in this regards.
Also started working on the project proposal report, due this week.

Week 4: Started building the prediction model using Tensorflow and the ANNR class from TFANN module.
"https://github.com/nicholastoddsmith/pythonml#tfann" github page provided details to use the ANNR class.
Facing issues with getting good prediction accuracy across different companies. 
The model seems to good prediction for some companies which have similar historical share price trends but 
does not predict accurately for companies having a different share price trend.  

Week 5: Performed some optimisation  on my model to get an evened out performance.A blog by "nicholastsmith" for stock prediction provided useful insights.
However another model, LSTM, developed by my fellow teammate seems to perform better.We showed the LSTM model to our mentor,
and he seemed to be satisfied with the performance.So decided to go ahead with the LSTM model.

Week 6: Started to work on creating the sentiment analysis model, however I was pre occupied in the early part of this week with other subjects. 
Could only start to work on this mid week. 

Week 7: Started to look into UI part of our system, to help out my team mates working on UI. 
But the technologies used for developing the UI is completly new to me, so started to learn more about these technologies.        

Week 8: Worked on the news section of the system, to update the related news section
when the user has some holdings in his/her portfolio. Running into some issues with integrating it with the existing system.  

Week 9: Most of the development work for the system is done, spend time reviewing the code and checking for any existing bugs. 

Week 10: Prepared for the final demo and presentation.

Week 11: Worked on building the final report for our project and reviewing it.     