Week 2 Summary:

Locked down group, decided on choosing the stock portfolio 
management system as our project. Our product's target persona 
is someone who is not novice, nor an expert in finance. 
Set up a call for Sunday to start planning our project.

Had a 1 hour group call to discuss what should be in our proposal,
technology stack, how we would test and peer review each others 
code, set action items til our Friday lab and defining
what our sprint cycle would look like. My task is to look at APIs
we could use for our project and wireframing. 

Week 3 Summary:

This week our group worked on the proposal that was 
due at the end of the week. I was assigned with the
task to investigate the Stock and News APIs and having
the most experience with frontend development I was also
tasked with looking at the frontend technologies we should 
use for our project. 

Once that was done I checked with Anna to see where she was
at with the wireframes for the proposal. She said she was sick
so I picked up the task and worked on the wireframes and 
Systems Modules and Flow section of the proposal.

Week 4 Summary:

This week I started working on setting up a hero page
for our application. This involved figuring out 
figuring out how to use material-ui, creating the
assets such as logo, background image, etc for our 
application. Luckily had wireframes to work with.

Week 5 Summary:

This week I was assigned with figuring out how to
connect the firebase with the UI I worked on last 
week. Anna had uploaded a firebase project to the
repository. When I tried merging that code with my
UI I noticed it had some pieces missing such as 
persistence of authentication when one refreshes the 
page, a way to add extra information for a user for
our proposed recommendation system, and we also had
to ensure the home page for logged in users would be
a protected page that can only be accessed if a user
is logged in. A lot of the code was just empty
React pages, which I ignored.

I managed to find a blog that steps through how to
use firebase in a react application and notcied a 
lot of similarity with the code Anna had and the code
in the blog:
https://www.robinwieruch.de/complete-firebase-authentication-react-tutorial
It was very helpful and I successfully maanged to 
figure out a simple sign up and log in flow. I still
needed to figure out how to provide extra information
to a user on sign up.

week 6 Summary:

This week I wrapped up the hero page and what
we do section of the landing page, the sign up 
form, login page, and forgot password
functionality. I also figured out how to add
extra information for a user to the firebase
instance. With Ali's feedback my focus now
was to polish up those pages and refactor code.
I focused on ensuring we have an easy to follow
structure to our code that complies with React's
philosophy of breaking down the UI into a
component hierarchy.

Our group realised that most of our project is 
actually frontend and while most of the group 
preferred to do backend work most of that work 
was covered by Firebase and Oscar had wrapped 
up the machine learning models. I needed more
hands to help me with the frontend. To help
everyone out I created a Confluence page which
provided a step by step guide on how to create 
a page and contribute frontend work to the 
project. It also stepped through how to set up 
a firebase instance. Our group also realised 
we have quite a bit of limitation with the stock
API we were going to use for the project, Rachel 
has found alternatives to look into.

https://yaaaahoofinance.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/YF/pages/70287361/Front-end+Development+Guide

week 7 Summary:

We're falling a bit behind schedule. In our sprint
planning session this week it was emphasised we 
really need to complete the tasks we have been
assigned this week or we will be seriously behind 
and may not meet our deadlines. Everyone in the group
acknowledged the tasks they were assigned and said they
were able to complete it by our weely deadline.

After the meeting had to work on connecting the react application 
with the flask application Anna set up. The ticket tasked for setting up 
the flask application highlighted she also needed to integrate it with 
the UI, which she had not done...but she said her ticket was done. Spent 
quite some time trying to run the flask application because there was
no instructions or requirements.txt, so I had to figure it out
by trial and error. Turns out our application requires Python 3.6
for Tensorflow. I also needed to deal with CORS policy. Once
I got the flask application hooked up with the react application
I wrote README files to make it easier for the next person to run
both applications. 

I set up a demo page for sentimental analysis in the react application 
to present to Ali in the next group meeting call. I also refactored
our sign up process to be more quick and simple based on
an Econmic Times article I read on portfolio types. I captured this work
on a confluence page. It relates to the portfolio type recommendation
we want to do in our project.

https://yaaaahoofinance.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/YF/pages/13598725/Types+of+Investment+Portfolios

Week 8 Summary:

Having issues with our group, two members not contributing.
Had to pick up both Anna and Anupam's tasks since they had 
not even started on their tasks on the Sunday it was due. 
I managed to get a huge bulk of the work done over the long 
weekend so we were ready to demo Ali most of our project before
the official demo. 

Adding/Removing holdings, related news, search functionality 
and company summary page were pretty much done at this point.

Week 9 Summary:

This week Rachel, Oscar and I were focused on wrapping 
up the final tasks. Anna and Anupam did not complete their
tickets and both pushed broken code to master which had to be 
reverted. We locked master branch from being able to be committed
to directly since both memebrs were not creating pull request even
after telling them to make pull requests. 

Worked on a caching mechanism to ensure that if we hit API limits
during our demo we have backup data we can fall back on in Firebase.
We combed through any final bugs left, and polished up the project.

week 10 Summary:

We completed our demo this week, and it seemed to
go well. There were some small bugs we noticed (luckily 
didn't pop up during our demo), that we fixed up.
Finalised the README file and started helping out
with the report with Rachel, Anupam did not do as much
as we'd hoped for the report so spent a whole day
doing the screenshots for the system interface section.
